Mr radio host, i am in love with you and i am not ashamed to admit it. your discussions of this classic radio topic make me want to roll up all of my belongings and make my way right into your life. you are a shining star and your broadcasts are always the happiest times of my day. if i have a bad day at school or work, I know I can count on you to cheer me up and that you'll be waiting for me here in the ether. even though I only know you through your radio show I really feel a connection! we have a lot in common. well, what do you think Mr radio host??

Stiv I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little bitter but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job Stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud! 

Hello, I am currently 13 years old and I want to become a penguin. I know there’s a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I’m different. On December 14th, I’m moving to Antarctica; home of the greatest penguins. I’ve already cut off my arms, and now slide on my stomach everywhere I go as training. I may not be a penguin yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need by subscribing to my channel, I will become? the greatest? penguin ever. Thanks 

Hi my name is Ladyfrozen and I am a 19 year old girl that one day dreams to be a cat. I hope to travel to the land of africa to join the legendary jungle cats of the wild in order to learn their ways. I hope that one day I will be as great as they will ever be. I have glued permanent whiskers to my face and have begun to claw and meow viciously naked, while licking my arm up and down constantly. I even had a hairball early today, that means I'm making progress. Pls no copy pasteriono.

Dear Strimer, you seem to be playing the wrong game. Let me give you the wise advice of trying San Andreas and all the magical wonders of Driving School. Your majestic gameplay techniques look overshadowed by your disgraceful driving skills. Strimer you could be the best GTA runner in the Universe and get teh urn every time. Hope you read this, I will always support you Strimer

ATTENTTION SPEED MAN. Hey speed man, im watching you with my wife and kids. Could you please go a little slower? we're trying to figure out what Tommy's superpower is. no mortal could go through the ground and stuff. also my wife baked some meat loaf for dinner, want to come over? thank you speed man and god bless 

That's the kind of mockery that's going to get us all killed when the new world order takes over. Mark my words. It started with small changes like fluoride in our water, and now it's progressed into internet mockery by Zionist agents who want to control what the population thinks and feels. Once we are all brainwashed by this constant illuminati propaganda, they'll have no problems taking away our guns or imprisoning us for profit. Good luck when they take over, at least some people can take the threat seriously. This is all part of their grand "indoctrination plan".

Hi. I'm actor Morgan Freeman. You might remember me from such films as "You're reading this in my voice", "You are now swallowing, breathing and blinking manually", "Uncross your legs and realise there is no comfortable spot in your mouth for your tongue, it just sits there awkwardly", "Did you forget that your jaw has weight, forcing you to manually hold it closed", "You're producing saliva too", "Your body is itching in at least one place", "You now realise you need to go to the toilet", "You haven't cleared your throat for a while" and telethons such as "You probably didn't even see the stream title yet".

Hi, Billy Mays here. Order a number nine now, and you will get an extra number nine large! But wait, there's more! We'll even throw in a number six with extra sauce AND a number seven! If you order within the next ten minutes, you'll even get not one, but TWO number forty-fives. You heard that right, TWO number forty-fives! And to make it even more special, one of them is with cheese AND a LARGE soda! So call 555-WE-TIP NOW and get ALL of that for just $6,99!

Now that chat has died down, I'd just like to thank William Shatner for being a sexy devil for the past 64 years. He made his debut in 1950 and has speed run into to our hearts, he has slowly urned his into our speed running hearts. This urn and every urn, will be dedicated to the memory of our amazing idiol William Shatner. Did you know that during the 1st San Andreas run CJ didn't blow up Ryder's car Shatner did. I'd like to raise a donger to William Shatner one sexy beast who beat this game quicker than anyone on speedrun.com. Raise a Kappa to William "Pac__" Shatner 
